_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 🍃

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Trained in applied mathematics, I work at the intersection of Bayesian and computational statistics, machine learning, and data analytics.

Outside consulting and research, I practice music theory, MIR, bouldering, and chess, and I explore how these domains inform each other — structure, rhythm, optimisation, signal.

This site collects notes, projects, and lightweight experiments.

Commit message:

added what i am working on

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 🍃

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Trained in applied mathematics, I have strong interests in Bayesian statistics, machine learning, and time series. Profesionally I leverage these skills to give more clarity to structures in their decision-making processes.

What I am working on:

- Uncertainty maps by pathology types in french territory
- Data chain audit (a public health case-study)
- Cancer incidence rates differences
